{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}{\f1 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red26\green55\blue94;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440
\f0\fs22

{\b\fs32\cf2 CTA LMS \endash  Client Update}\par
{\fs20 Date: July 17, 2026}\par
{\fs20 Subject: New Associate Approval Workflow & Related Updates}\par
\par
Dear Client,\par
\par
Today we completed and deployed a full {\b Associate Pending Approval} workflow inside your existing CTA LMS plugin, along with related UX and design improvements. Below is a clear summary of what was built and how the workflow works end to end.\par
\par

{\b\fs26 1. What Was Delivered}\par
\par
{\b A. Associate Registration \endash  Agency Fields}\par
When a user registers and selects {\b Associate}, three new required fields now appear:\par
\bullet  Employer / Agency Name\par
\bullet  Agency Representative Name\par
\bullet  Agency Representative Email\par
\par
These fields appear {\b only for Associates}. Licensed Professional (CE-only) users do {\b not} see them.\par
\par

{\b B. Automatic \ldblquote Pending Approval\rdblquote  Status}\par
When an Associate completes registration, their account is automatically set to {\b Pending Approval}.\par
This status applies {\b only to Associates}. Licensed Professionals are not affected and continue as before.\par
\par

{\b C. Agency Representative Email + Documents}\par
When an Associate registers with Pending Approval status, the system automatically emails the Agency Representative they entered on the form.\par
\par
The email includes both documents for signature:\par
\bullet  Associate Intake & Regulatory Clearance Packet\par
\bullet  CTA Employer Oversight Agreement\par
\par

{\b D. Access Locked Until Approved}\par
Until CTA staff marks an Associate as {\b Approved}, that Associate {\b cannot} access:\par
\bullet  Supervision booking / scheduling\par
\bullet  Meeting / join session links\par
\bullet  Supervision resources (documents & logs)\par
\par
These checks are applied across the system (not only on one page).\par
\par

{\b E. Admin Approvals Screen}\par
A new menu was added under {\b CTA LMS \to Approvals}.\par
\par
Staff can review Associate registrations with:\par
\bullet  Associate name & email\par
\bullet  Employer / Agency details\par
\bullet  Agency Representative name & email\par
\bullet  Registration date\par
\bullet  Review date (after decision)\par
\bullet  Current status\par
\par
Tabs available:\par
\bullet  {\b All} \endash  Pending + Approved\par
\bullet  {\b Pending} \endash  waiting for review\par
\bullet  {\b Approved} \endash  approved Associates remain listed\par
\par
{\b Approve} = status becomes Approved and supervision access is unlocked.\par
{\b Reject} = access stays locked, and the Associate is {\b removed from this list} (rejected records are not shown).\par
{\b Revoke} (on an Approved Associate) = locks access again and removes them from the visible Approved list.\par
\par

{\b\fs26 2. Complete Workflow (Step by Step)}\par
\par
{\b Step 1 \endash  Associate Signs Up}\par
User chooses Associate account type \to fills agency fields \to submits registration.\par
\par
{\b Step 2 \endash  System Sets Pending Approval}\par
Account is created with status {\b Pending Approval}.\par
Supervision booking, meeting links, and resources stay locked.\par
\par
{\b Step 3 \endash  Agency Representative Is Notified}\par
System emails the Agency Representative with both required PDF documents for signature.\par
\par
{\b Step 4 \endash  CTA Staff Reviews in Admin}\par
Staff opens {\b CTA LMS \to Approvals} and reviews the pending Associate.\par
\par
{\b Step 5A \endash  Approve}\par
Staff clicks {\b Approve}.\par
\bullet  Status changes to Approved\par
\bullet  Associate remains visible under Approved\par
\bullet  Booking, meeting links, and supervision resources unlock\par
\par
{\b Step 5B \endash  Reject}\par
Staff clicks {\b Reject}.\par
\bullet  Status changes to Rejected\par
\bullet  Access remains locked\par
\bullet  Associate is removed from the Approvals list\par
\par

{\b\fs26 3. Additional Fixes & Improvements Delivered Today}\par
\par
{\b Go to Dashboard button}\par
Fixed so clients are taken to their {\b frontend dashboard} (CE / Supervision), not the WordPress admin dashboard.\par
\par
{\b Login & Dashboard chrome}\par
Header and footer are now hidden on login and dashboard pages for a cleaner client experience.\par
\par
{\b Signup / approval email delivery}\par
Fixed issues that could prevent signup-related emails from sending correctly (including when HTML emails include attachments).\par
\par
{\b Approve button reliability}\par
Admin Approve / Reject actions were strengthened so status updates work reliably.\par
\par
{\b Typography update (plugin-wide)}\par
Applied consistent branding fonts across the plugin:\par
\bullet  Headings: {\b Playfair Display} (Bold 700)\par
\bullet  Body / forms / buttons: {\b Montserrat} (Regular 400+)\par
\par
Applied on frontend pages, forms, dashboards, admin screens, emails, and design templates.\par
\par

{\b\fs26 4. How Staff Should Use This Daily}\par
\par
1. Open {\b WordPress Admin \to CTA LMS \to Approvals}.\par
2. Check the {\b Pending} tab for new Associate signups.\par
3. Confirm agency details and that the Agency Representative received the documents.\par
4. Click {\b Approve} to unlock supervision access, or {\b Reject} to keep the account locked and clear it from the list.\par
5. Use the {\b Approved} tab anytime to review who currently has access.\par
\par

{\b\fs26 5. Notes}\par
\par
\bullet  Licensed Professionals are unchanged by this approval workflow.\par
\bullet  Older Associate accounts created before this feature (with no approval status) continue to work as approved for compatibility.\par
\bullet  Please replace placeholder agency PDF files with your final official documents when ready.\par
\bullet  After updating the plugin on the live site, hard-refresh the browser (Ctrl+F5) so new styles/fonts load correctly.\par
\par

Thank you.\par
Please review the workflow on the live site and let us know if any wording, email copy, or document attachments need adjustment.\par
\par
{\i CTA LMS Development Update \endash  July 17, 2026}\par
}
