{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red11\green83\blue148;\red150\green0\blue0;\red176\green100\blue0;}
\f0\fs22
\fs36\b\cf2 User Management\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\fs18\cf2 CTA LMS \endash  Client Documentation\cf1\fs22\par
\par
\fs20\b\cf4 Status: Partial \endash  a filtered list and stats view; full add/edit/delete uses standard WordPress\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 1. Overview\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
The Users screen gives you a focused list of the people who use the platform \endash  licensed professionals, associates, and administrators \endash  with quick links into each person's details and a small statistics popup. Approving associates is handled on a separate Approvals screen (documented separately).\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 2. How it works (step by step)\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
1. You open the Users screen under CTA LMS.\par
2. The screen lists users in the plugin's roles (licensed professionals and associates) plus administrators.\par
3. You can filter by role or search by name/email.\par
4. For each user you can: view their profile, manage them (this opens the standard WordPress user editor), or open a "Stats" popup showing their enrollments, completed courses, certificates, supervision status, and total amount paid.\par
5. New accounts are normally created when people register on the website's login/register page.\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 3. Where to find it\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
- Admin: CTA LMS then Users.\par
- Related: CTA LMS then Approvals (for approving associates).\par
- Public: the login/register page where new members sign up.\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 4. What you can configure\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
- Filter by role and search the list.\par
- View per-user statistics.\par
- Roles that exist: CTA Licensed Professional (buys and takes CE courses) and CTA Associate (supervision features), plus the standard Administrator.\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 5. Current limitations / missing parts\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
- This is essentially a read and review screen. There is no create/edit/delete of users directly inside the plugin \endash  "Manage User" sends you to the normal WordPress user editor.\par
- There are no bulk actions and no export of the user list to a file.\par
- The stats popup does not include booking or attendance numbers.\par
- Each role has some named permissions in the code, but access to supervision and booking is actually controlled by the associate's approval and supervision status, not by those named permissions.\par
}
