{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red11\green83\blue148;\red150\green0\blue0;\red176\green100\blue0;}
\f0\fs22
\fs36\b\cf2 Supervision Scheduling\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\fs18\cf2 CTA LMS \endash  Client Documentation\cf1\fs22\par
\par
\fs20\b\cf4 Status: Working, with some manual parts (see limitations)\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 1. Overview\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
Supervision scheduling lets you offer supervision session slots (group or individual) that approved associates can book online. Admins create the available slots; associates book a seat, see their upcoming sessions, and can cancel within the allowed window.\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 2. How it works (step by step)\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
1. In the admin Bookings screen you create a session slot: type (group or individual), date, time, duration, and number of seats.\par
2. The slot appears on the public supervision booking page for eligible associates.\par
3. An approved associate with active supervision books a seat. The seat count goes up, and they receive a confirmation email.\par
4. The associate sees the session in their supervision dashboard, including a join link if one has been added.\par
5. Associates can cancel a booking, but not within 24 hours of the session start. Cancelling frees the seat again.\par
6. Admins can cancel a whole slot, which cancels the associated bookings and emails those associates.\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 3. Where to find it\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
- Admin: CTA LMS then Bookings (with Upcoming and History tabs).\par
- Public booking page: the page containing the supervision booking shortcode.\par
- Associate dashboard: the page containing the supervision dashboard shortcode.\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 4. What you can configure\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
- Session type (group or individual), date, time, duration, and seats when creating a slot.\par
- Group sessions are capped at 8 seats and 120 minutes; individual sessions are 1 seat and 60 minutes (these are fixed in the code).\par
- Who can book is controlled by associate approval and active supervision status.\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 5. Current limitations / missing parts\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
- Meeting/join links can only be added through the booking's internal notes in the database \endash  there is no admin field to type in a Zoom or meeting link.\par
- The public booking page forces group sessions to the maximum seats and fixed durations regardless of what was entered.\par
- When an associate cancels their own booking, no email notification is sent.\par
- When an admin cancels a slot, the notification email is a plain-text message rather than the branded email style used elsewhere.\par
- Sessions are never automatically marked "completed" after they happen; the History tab is based on dates only.\par
}
