{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red11\green83\blue148;\red150\green0\blue0;\red176\green100\blue0;}
\f0\fs22
\fs36\b\cf2 Certificate Generation\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\fs18\cf2 CTA LMS \endash  Client Documentation\cf1\fs22\par
\par
\fs20\b\cf4 Status: Working, but certificates are HTML (not PDF) and some settings are not used (see limitations)\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 1. Overview\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
When a student passes a course quiz and submits the evaluation, the system automatically creates a completion certificate, gives it a unique certificate number, saves it, emails the student, and marks the course as completed. Students can download the certificate from their dashboard.\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 2. How it works (step by step)\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
1. The student passes the quiz and submits the course evaluation.\par
2. The system checks whether they already have a certificate for that course; if not, it creates one.\par
3. It marks the enrollment as completed and sets progress to 100%.\par
4. It generates a unique certificate number in the format CTA-YEAR-XXXXXX.\par
5. It creates a certificate file and stores a record of it.\par
6. It emails the student to let them know the certificate is ready.\par
7. The student downloads it from the certificates area of their dashboard.\par
8. Admins can preview a sample certificate from the Settings screen.\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 3. Where to find it\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
- Admin: CTA LMS then Settings (certificate settings and a preview button).\par
- Student side: the "My Certificates" area of the student dashboard, and the "certificate ready" screen at the end of the quiz flow.\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 4. What you can configure\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
- Provider numbers (CAMFT/CEPA) that appear on the certificate.\par
- The folder name where certificate files are stored.\par
- The student's license number (from their profile) is printed on the certificate.\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 5. Current limitations / missing parts\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
- Certificates are generated as HTML files (formatted for printing), not as true PDF files. A student can print to PDF from their browser, but the system does not create a PDF directly.\par
- The Settings screen has fields for certificate header text, footer text, and signature name, but these are currently NOT used by the certificate design \endash  the title, signature name, and footer are fixed in the template.\par
- There is a known issue where the course title may be blank on live certificates (the sample preview shows a title, but the live generation does not fill it in). This should be fixed before issuing real certificates.\par
- There is no online certificate-verification page; the certificate number is for display only.\par
- The evaluation must be completed before the certificate is issued.\par
}
