{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red11\green83\blue148;\red150\green0\blue0;\red176\green100\blue0;}
\f0\fs22
\fs36\b\cf2 Downloadable Course Resources\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\fs18\cf2 CTA LMS \endash  Client Documentation\cf1\fs22\par
\par
\fs20\b\cf3 Status: NOT built for courses (a different, supervision document feature exists instead)\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 1. Overview\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
The idea of "downloadable course resources" \endash  attaching handouts, worksheets, or PDFs to a CE course for students to download \endash  is not built into the system. There is no place in the course editor to upload course materials, and no download list on the course pages for students.\par
\par
What does exist under the general idea of "documents" is two unrelated things, described below so there is no confusion.\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 2. What actually exists instead\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
A. Associate document uploads (supervision only):\par
- Registered associates can upload their own BBS documents (for example agreements, weekly logs, experience forms) from their supervision dashboard.\par
- These are tied to the individual associate, not to any course.\par
- Allowed file types are PDF, DOC, and DOCX, up to 10 MB.\par
\par
B. Fixed agency PDFs:\par
- Two specific PDF documents are stored inside the plugin and are attached to the associate-approval email only.\par
- They are not managed from the admin area and are not course materials.\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 3. Where to find it\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
- Associate document uploads: the supervision dashboard page (associate side).\par
- Fixed agency PDFs: sent automatically as email attachments during associate onboarding.\par
- Course resources: not available anywhere.\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 4. What you can configure\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
- For associate uploads: the document categories and the file-type/size limits are set in the code.\par
- There is nothing to configure for course resources because the feature does not exist.\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 5. Current limitations / missing parts\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
- There is no way to attach downloadable files to a course for students.\par
- The associate document feature is per-person (uploaded by the associate), not admin-provided handouts.\par
- There is a behind-the-scenes function for an admin to approve/reject an associate's uploaded documents, but there is no admin screen that actually uses it yet.\par
- If course handouts/resources are required, this would need to be built as a new feature.\par
}
