{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red11\green83\blue148;\red150\green0\blue0;\red176\green100\blue0;}
\f0\fs22
\fs36\b\cf2 Membership and Bundle Management\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\fs18\cf2 CTA LMS \endash  Client Documentation\cf1\fs22\par
\par
\fs20\b\cf4 Status: Partial \endash  buying works, but there is no admin screen to create or edit plans\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 1. Overview\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
Bundles (also shown as membership plans) let customers buy several courses together, an all-access plan, or a supervision + CE hybrid plan, usually at a better price. The plans are shown on a pricing page where customers can purchase them.\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 2. How it works (step by step)\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
1. When the plugin is first installed, it automatically creates five starter plans (for example a starter bundle, clinical focus, crisis & risk, an annual all-access plan, and a supervision + CE hybrid).\par
2. These plans appear on the public membership pricing page.\par
3. A customer clicks to buy a plan and is taken to Stripe checkout (one-time for most, monthly for subscription plans), or through the bypass/demo path if enabled.\par
4. Once paid, access is granted: either enrollment in the specific courses in the bundle, or enrollment in all published courses for all-access/annual/subscription plans.\par
5. The hybrid plan also switches on supervision access.\par
6. A payment receipt email is sent.\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 3. Where to find it\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
- Public: the membership pricing page (the page containing the membership pricing shortcode).\par
- Admin: there is no dedicated admin screen for bundles.\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 4. What you can configure\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
- The plans and their details (name, price, plan type, billing cycle, which courses are included, featured flag, status, order) exist in the database.\par
- Some marketing lines on the pricing page (for example "4 sessions/month") are fixed text in the page design, not editable settings.\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 5. Current limitations / missing parts\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
- There is no admin screen to create, edit, or delete bundles. The five starter plans are added once at install; changing them requires editing the database directly.\par
- The starter plans reference specific course ID numbers that may not match your real courses after install, so the "included courses" may need correcting.\par
- Plans have an "expiry" field in the database, but it is never set or checked \endash  so an "annual" plan is not actually time-limited by the system; access does not automatically expire.\par
- The comparison table shows "Certificate: Yes" for every plan as fixed text, not based on the actual plan.\par
- Cancelling or renewing a bundle subscription is not specifically wired up (subscription management is focused on supervision).\par
}
