{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red11\green83\blue148;\red150\green0\blue0;\red176\green100\blue0;}
\f0\fs22
\fs36\b\cf2 Student Dashboard and Course Progress\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\fs18\cf2 CTA LMS \endash  Client Documentation\cf1\fs22\par
\par
\fs20\b\cf3 Status: Fully working\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 1. Overview\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
The student dashboard is the home base for licensed professionals. It shows the courses they are working on, the courses they have completed, their total CE hours, and their certificates. Progress through a course is tracked as they complete each module.\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 2. How it works (step by step)\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
1. A logged-in licensed professional (or admin) opens the dashboard.\par
2. The dashboard lists their in-progress courses with a progress bar, their completed courses, and their earned certificates.\par
3. Clicking a course opens the course player.\par
4. In the player, the student watches each lesson and clicks "Mark as Complete". Progress is calculated as the number of completed modules out of the total.\par
5. When all modules are complete, the "Take Quiz" option becomes available.\par
6. After passing the quiz and completing the evaluation, the course moves to "Completed" and the certificate appears.\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 3. Where to find it\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
- Student side: the dashboard page (the page containing the student-dashboard shortcode) and the course player page.\par
- Admin: the pages are assigned under CTA LMS Settings; the shortcodes are listed on the Shortcodes screen.\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 4. What you can configure\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
- Progress is driven by the modules in each course (which admins manage on the course edit screen).\par
- Students can update their profile details (display name, license number and type).\par
- There is no separate "progress rule" setting; progress is always modules completed out of total modules.\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 5. Current limitations / missing parts\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
- Progress reflects module completion only. Passing the quiz and evaluation do not change the percentage; instead they complete the course at the end.\par
- When a student reaches 100% of modules, the course stays "active" until the certificate is issued (after quiz + evaluation), at which point it becomes "completed".\par
- Completion is by clicking "Mark as Complete", not by measuring how much of a video was watched.\par
- Associates use a different (supervision) dashboard; they do not use the CE student dashboard.\par
}
