{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red11\green83\blue148;\red150\green0\blue0;\red176\green100\blue0;}
\f0\fs22
\fs36\b\cf2 Attendance Tracking and Reporting\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\fs18\cf2 CTA LMS \endash  Client Documentation\cf1\fs22\par
\par
\fs20\b\cf3 Status: NOT built\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 1. Overview\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
Attendance tracking (marking who actually attended a supervision session) and attendance reporting (summaries or exports) are not built into the system. There is no way to mark someone present or absent, and no attendance report or export.\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 2. How it works (step by step)\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
There is no attendance process in the code. Bookings exist (an associate can reserve a seat in a session), but nothing records whether the person actually attended.\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 3. Where to find it\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
- There is no attendance screen in the admin area or on the associate dashboard.\par
- The admin Bookings screen has a "History" tab, but it only lists past or cancelled bookings by date. It does not mark or report attendance.\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 4. What you can configure\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
- Nothing \endash  the feature does not exist.\par
\par
\fs28\b\cf2 5. Current limitations / missing parts\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\par
- No way to mark a booked associate as attended, absent, or a no-show.\par
- No attendance status is stored anywhere in the database.\par
- No attendance report and no CSV/PDF export.\par
- Sessions are not automatically closed out or marked "completed" after they occur.\par
- If attendance and reporting are needed (for example for BBS hour tracking), this would need to be built as a new feature.\par
}
